Oh.
Mm.
...joining
me now from Bubba's Trading.
John Horowitz, Joe
Barton is still with us.
All right, you tweet
as much as I do...
your thoughts on
the action so far.
Hey, Cal.
It's Jimmy.
I hope I'm not calling too late.
Hey, Jim.
No problem.
I recall you saying that
your boy had a doe tag.
Yeah, he
hasn't got anything yet.
Well, uh, listen.
I don't have a doe permit,
but I shot one today.
I thought maybe you
could send Benji down.
He could tag it and then
take him off my hands.
Sounds real good.
We'd definitely use the meat.
Remember that place
we fished in the spring?
That's the little
turnout that overlooked
the St. John's river.
I remember.
We can be there by 8:00.
All right.
Well, good.
We'll see you tomorrow then.
Good night.
Yep, we'll
see you in the morning.
It's good to see
you [inaudible]
Sure, it's two years.
The government [inaudible] up
the research fund by $2 million
in hopes of speeding
up work on the cure.
Advertisers are often
faced with the problem of...
Ah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Shit!
Ah!
Mm.
Ah.
Oh, heavens.
Objection.
Rick Manson's World
Motion tour is over.
And what a success it was.
Manson is being
[inaudible] across Canada
[inaudible] journey is over.
The battle against heart
disease must continue.
Tom and Harriet Banks are
the lucky winners of the...
All right, buddy.
Good to see you.
Hey, Jim.
How are you doing?
Hey, Billy.
How you doing?
Real good.
You signing out?
Yeah.
Sorry to keep you
waiting there, Jim.
You could have just dropped
the note in the box.
Eh.
Jim, do you remember
what day you came in?
Three or four
days ago, I think.
What would that be,
the 10th or 11th, maybe?
OK, here we go.
Yeah.
Paulie signed you
in on the 10th.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
How's that rig
holding up for you?
Jesus, Bill.
She's got over 100,000
miles on her already.
That's good.
Whatever happened with that
cabin you were looking at out
past the Blacks' property?
Just didn't work out.
Anyway, that's my home now,
out there in the [inaudible]
Nobody's going
to pin you down.
That's for sure.
You're damn straight.
So what are you going to
do, head back to [inaudible]??
No.
I'm going to spend
the night in town.
Then I'll come back out
here for about a week.
I still want to bag
my buck this season.
Sounds like a plan.
Take care, Jim.
Oh, Billy, did you guys happen
to open up that washed out area
of the Pinkham Road yet?
Yeah.
Yeah, they did a few weeks ago.
There's nobody at that
checkpoint, though.
They just started to...
I don't know... to renovate
the shack or something.
So just be careful if
you go in that way.
There's no way to track you.
Will do.
Thanks for the info.
Have a good one.
Take care, Jim.
Y'all done there, Mr. Reed?
Can I get you some more coffee?
Yeah, that'd be great.
Thank you.
Did you read about the
robbery at the casino yesterday?
Those people that got shot?
So sad.
I did.
It seems to be the way the
world is now, doesn't it?
You could say that again.
Mm.
So how long are you
up here this time?
I think another week.
I just want to get out
there and bag my buck.
A friend of my husband's
got one the other day.
Ah.
They're around.
Sure is cold enough.
Yeah, let's hope
it stays that way.
Well, I'll keep my
fingers crossed for you.
Yeah.
OK, thank you.
See you next time.
All right.
And a
save again by McGovern.
Three seconds to go.
And on the final night
of the regular season,
the Maine Blacks
have just played
their best game of 2018, '19.
They win, 6-nothing.
- A
- government spokesman
has stated that there is
not much truth in the rumor
that the Pentagon wastefully
dumped military equipment
and supplies costing
millions, perhaps billions,
of taxpayer dollars in the years
since the Vietnam War started.
Hi.
Hi, Debbie.
Listen, I...
I'm sorry that you had
to see that yesterday.
It was very unprofessional.
No, no.
It's OK, really.
It's all right.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
It's... it's my daughter's
been sick lately.
Some husband and wife
stuff too, I guess.
It's just so strange.
Nothing is as I
imagined it would be.
It never is, for anyone.
Yeah.
No, maybe you're right.
Sometimes I say this
is the day that I'm
just going to get out
of here and actually
see myself doing it.
Play the whole thing
out in my head.
And one day ends,
and I'm still here.
I'm sorry.
I can't believe
I just said that.
It's OK.
I get it.
More than you'll ever know.
You remind me of my daughter.
She was just like you.
Really?
Yeah.
Debbie.
I should go grab that.
OK.
It's so
hard to describe.
I mean, it's like...
it's like my insides are
just being eaten away.
And well, drinking, that's
the only way I can fix it.
Part of it comes from
my time overseas...
what I saw, things I
did when I was serving.
And I take it all out
on my wife and kids.
I love them so much.
And every day, I
just want to leave
and not torture them anymore.
I turn to God.
I go to church.
And I pray.
And I ask God to forgive me.
But He's nowhere to be found.
I can't find Him.
You said you served?
Yes, sir.
Two tours in the
sand with the army.
Infantry, 3rd ID.
Nam, me, Marines.
The 2-1.
Jim Reed.
George [inaudible]
Those were some powerful
words you said up there earlier.
Been there.
Same exact place.
It's fucking rough, man.
My little girl has been in
and out of the hospital.
I don't know how to help her.
Those fucking doctors, they
just talk at you, you know?
I got to get my shit together.
They ain't going to
make it without me.
You married?
I was.
Kids?
Yeah.
Any chance you could fix it?
No, my daughter's gone.
And my son and I haven't talked
with each other in a year.
I'm not quite there yet.
Any advice?
If I had any good advice,
I probably wouldn't be here.
Yeah, right.
Huh.
Just take it one day
at a time, George.
That's all any of us can do.
Yeah.
There's my ride.
I gotta get going.
OK.
Yeah.
See ya.
Hey, Mr. Reed.
Hi, Debbie.
Hey, Jeff, do
you want to take Ali,
you guys go eat in the car?
I'll be right there.
Late night?
I saw your truck outside
Wheeler's last night.
I hope I'm not out of line here.
I remember you
saying you're sober.
Yeah, it's been a long time.
I didn't slip.
Yeah, I know.
I could tell.
Close, though, right?
I've had some
experience with it.
You know, there's some really
good meetings around town.
Yeah, yeah.
I know.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I should...
I should get going.
Probably murdering each
other in the back of the car.
Have a good one.
You too.
Debbie?
Thank you.
- I
- mean, is that... is that
a sound theory right now?
I think
it's a very sound theory.
I would be very surprised if
we go back [inaudible] Charles.
But [inaudible]
that number that he
had on the S&P, that 2,800,
2,820 number, and your 2,600
number on the Dow.
Those...
God damn it!
Oh, my god.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, no.
No, no.
Oh, my god.
Oh, shit!
What on earth are
you doing out here?
Jesus.
Don't talk.
Stop!
[inaudible]
talking to that man.
What?
What the fuck does that mean?
No.
Oh.
Oh, Jesus!
Jesus Christ.
No.
[inaudible]
killing at least 49 soldiers
and [inaudible] civilians.
[inaudible] A 49-year-old
unidentified man [inaudible]
are dead with three children.
Four others suffered
serious injuries.
Good evening.
Wha... oh.
Evening.
Uh, ah, I, uh...
I'm sorry, I... I didn't...
I didn't see you.
I thought maybe
you were sleeping.
I put my details in the box.
I forgot a couple of things.
I got to go back into town.
No fucking bother at all.
How about a cup of coffee?
Coffee?
Oh, no.
Uh, no, thank you.
I... I really am in
a bit of a hurry.
This late at night?
Get the fuck out of here.
Come on.
I insist.
Yeah, OK.
What the fuck?
Why not?
Huh?
You want a splash?
Oh, no, I'm...
I'm good.
Ah, ah?
Suit yourself.
Ah.
You know, I love the
night shift out here.
No bullshit.
Used to have a dog that
would come out here with me.
Mm.
Then my wife
wants
to keep him at home with her.
Yeah.
[inaudible]
Anytime.
She's the boss, I guess.
Guess that leaves
me shit out of luck.
You know what I'm saying?
I can turn up the
heat if you're cold.
No, no.
I'm good.
Thanks.
What?
Is that blood on your jacket?
Looks pretty fresh.
Didn't get to see what
you had on your truck
when you pulled in.
You, uh, shoot
something out there?
No.
I didn't shoot anything.
You sure about that?
Because you got to report
anything you shoot out there.
No.
No, I know that.
It's just... I'm sick, OK?
I'm sick.
I cough up blood
every once in a while.
I had a wicked episode today.
It was fucking brutal.
Is that the
cancer or something?
I... you know, you
just reminded me.
I need to go out
and take my pills.
Thanks for the coffee.
[inaudible] had
to be turned away [inaudible]
$60 on pump 4.
Is that it?
A pack of Bilsons.
All right, $67.75.
Shit.
I'm out of quarters.
Give me a sec.
Uh...
Sir... Sir.
Is that your RV outside?
The custom job... never
seen anything like that.
Yeah.
Made down in the Carolinas.
How's the gas mileage?
Oh, she's pretty so-so.
Pig drinks a lot of diesel.
[inaudible] drivers
smashes it, huh?
There you go.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
Two shots of whiskey.
You're going to actually
drink them this time?
Just pour the
fucking shots, OK?
Again.
Do you believe that shit?
Recapping
our top story,
a massive manhunt continues
tonight as authorities search
for five suspects in a violent
armed robbery at the Franklin
Casino two days ago.
The robbery led to a shootout
between casino security
and the suspects, leaving
three security guards
dead and 12 civilians injured.
Earlier today, authorities
released surveillance camera
images of two of
the five suspects,
hoping for the public's
help in identifying them.
According to the
casino, the crew made
off with close to $1.2 million.
Police believe the suspects may
be headed north for the border.
The five are considered armed
and extremely dangerous.
If you spot them, call the
state police immediately.
In other news, a water main
break near During Avenue caused
major flooding earlier today.
Oh, fuck!
[inaudible]
Ah.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Jesus Christ.
George?
What in the fuck are
you doing out here?
Huntin'.
Huntin'?
What the fuck else
would I be doing out here?
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Yeah, so where's the money?
I think it's
right fucking here, OK?
Where's the fucking money?
It was right here.
What the fuck
is going out here?
Get the fuck out of here now.
What?
Run.
Give us the money!
You do, and you
both can walk away!
You don't want me to
hurt your friend again.
Your friend.
What's his fucking name?
Ji... Jim.
Jim.
But he's not my fuckin' friend.
Jim what?
I don't know.
I just met him!
What's it going to be, Jim?
Give them
the fucking money!
I have a wife and kid!
What's it going to be, Jim?
Give them the money, Jim!
Last fucking chance!
Give them the money!
Find him.
Skip, hold up.
There's fucking
tracks everywhere.
Yeah, same over here.
All right.
Come on with me.
[inaudible]
Oh, you son of a
bitch, you bastards!
You runt mother fuckers!
Fuck you!
Oh.
Fuck.
I have your gun!
Just come out and give
us the money back.
We won't hurt you.
Jim Reed!
We know everything about you.
Don't make us find your
son, Steve, and his family.
Frank, where are you?
Do you see him?
Oh, shit.
Fuck!
Ah!
God damn it!
Mm!
Come on.
Oh, fuck!
Shit.
Maybe we should just
go, Skip and Frank.
Yeah, is that
what you think, huh?
Take a good look around.
This is what you're thinking
got us, you and that dead bitch!
She told us it was the
perfect place to hide
the cash before we went...
And you're a genius!
If you weren't my son, I'd
fucking kill you right now!
I'm done waiting.
Stay here!
And try not to fuck that up!
May I at least
put my dick away?
Don't do this.
I wasn't going to do
anything to you, I promise.
That's why I'm here
and not out there.
Doesn't matter.
Why doesn't it matter?
Because I don't give a shit.
You know it's my
girlfriend you killed.
So?
So if you want to call it
even, can we just do that?
Can you just let me go?
We'll call it even.
Hey!
Are you kidding me?
I can fucking see you
behind that icicle.
You put me through all
this shit for this?
This is all the
stuff you got for me?
Move real slow, man.
Throw the gun out.
I don't have a gun.
All right, then show
me both your hands.
Good.
All right, come on.
Let's go.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
There you go.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho.
Ha ha!
Really?
Are you fucking serious?
You're a joke.
Oh, this is pathetic.
Lose the fucking knife.
All right, enough games.
Where is it?
Where is what?
I was out here hunting.
Yeah, you and me both.
I saw you running with
the bag, you asshole.
Now where the fuck is it?
And that's the last time
I'm going to ask you.
All right, I'll
take you to it.
Then you get up and
you take me to it.
Hurry the fuck up.
I'm moving as fast as I can.
You better not
be fucking with me.
If you are, I'll kill your
son and his whole damn family.
You know that, right?
I'd kill your daughter
too, but looks
like you took care of that one.
Yeah, I went through
all your shit.
Oh, she's beautiful.
Too fucking bad about that one.
Must suck living with
the fact that your kid
died because of you.
Lot of fucking guilt there.
Bet you wish you
could have saved
her, been the fucking hero.
How much longer?
How much fucking longer?
We're almost there.
That was your kid in the Chevy.
How the fuck do you know that?
You know, you're right.
I did kill my daughter.
I did.
Seems I have a tendency
for killing kids.
What the fuck does that mean?
I shot him.
Who?
Your son.
He was taking a piss, and
I shot him in the face.
Are you fucking with me?
No.
He's dead.
You motherfucker!
You are a dead man.
Go ahead.
Fucking kill me.
How you gonna find the money?
Fuck!
No, get the fuck off me.
Ow.
What the fuck did you do?
Oh, what the... fucking...
my fucking leg!
Can't move my arm.
Hey, you can't leave me here.
Fuck, I'll split it with you.
I'm gonna freeze to death.
Fuck you!
No, he talked about
leaving for a long time.
Well, I just never
thought he'd do it.
No, no.
I'm doing OK.
Yeah.
I'm getting used to it.
I just feel so bad for the kids.
No, you're right.
No, I need to move on.
Oh, hey, I gotta
get back in there.
Yeah.
No, I'll call you
after my shift.
Yeah, 8:00.
OK.
No, I'll talk to you then.
Thanks.
Hey.
You OK.
Yeah.
I'm good.
Oh, some guy
left this for you.